[ra2ch4]: Small language tweeks of Chapter 4.2 (#3256)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter04.rst

     - Reference Implementation Trace
   * - ra2.ch.001
     - Huge pages
     - In order for the platform to qualify as a High Performance profile, it must be possible to enable Huge pages

>        (2048KiB and 1048576KiB) within the Kubernetes Node OS, exposing schedu lable resources hugepages-2Mi and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       (2048KiB and 1048576KiB) within the Kubernetes Node OS, exposing schedulable resources hugepages-2Mi and
```
